FLOWERS
You overhear the LBJ statue has been seen in a building with a mezzanine floor for a numbered floor in-between floors 1 and 2

A ransom note was left inside a building with a 40-foot-tall mural that depicts the intellectual pursuits of humanity; a work of the late James Buchanan “Buck” Winn. Better get going to get your next clue.

You have a hunch there may be additional clues in the building that incudes a sculpture made of 138 engraved concrete blocks and “Blenke Glass” 

Have you tried looking in the building located at the east end of the Quad and is the last building on the south side just below Old Main?

Try looking in the Texas State University building with the abbreviation: FH




HISTORY

You have been told the statue was drug into a building with a mosaic-tiled central courtyard and fountain.. if you can figure it out you will get your next clue.

There was an emergency Email alert to be on the lookout for the LBJ statue 
In the building that hosts the Texas History Unplugged concert series.

Try checking a building located on the Quad. The east side of the building faces North LBJ and the front (main) entrance faces the Quad (south).

The statue of LBJ was seen in the Texas State University building with the abbreviation: TMH


MUSIC

The Texas Star had an article about someone setting up the statue in one of the regular held ensembles hosted in this building: 

Try going From the Quad, turn left (north) on the sidewalk next to Psychology on North LBJ Drive. At the corner of North LBJ Drive and Pleasant Street proceed north across the street to the Music Building.

The statue of LBJ was seen in the Texas State University building with the abbreviation: MUS

Try following your ears; this building has been “Instument”al in the development of local musicians.

HONORS COLLEGE

A group is getting together to find the statue where the gallery of the common experience occurs each semester head over to join the fun and get your next clue.

Head over for coffee and your next clue to one of the only buildings in the area with a student kitchen and lounge. 

The statue of LBJ was seen in the Texas State University Building with the Abbreviation: LAMP

A friend has asked to meet you to discuss a reward for finding the statue at the Honors coffee forum. 






There was an emergency Email alert to be on the lookout for the LBJ statue 




ALKEK



DERRICK

OLD MAIN

LIBERAL ARTS


