FLOWERSYou overhear the LBJ statue has been seen in a building with a mezzanine floor for a numbered floor in-between floors 1 and 2.A ransom note was left inside a building with a 40-foot-tall mural that depicts the intellectual pursuits of humanity; a work of the late James Buchanan “Buck” Winn. Better get going to get your next clue.You have a hunch there may be additional clues in the building that incudes a sculpture made of 138 engraved concrete blocks and “Blenke Glass”. Have you tried looking in the building located at the east end of the Quad and is the last building on the south side just below Old Main?Try looking in the Texas State University building with the abbreviation: FHHISTORYYou have been told the statue was drug into a building with a mosaic-tiled central courtyard and fountain... if you can figure it out you will get your next clue.There was an emergency Email alert to be on the lookout for the LBJ statue In the building that hosts the Texas History Unplugged concert series.Try checking a building located on the Quad. The east side of the building faces North LBJ and the front (main) entrance faces the Quad (south).The statue of LBJ was seen in the Texas State University building with the abbreviation: TMHMUSICThe Texas Star had an article about someone setting up the statue in one of the regular held ensembles hosted by this building: Try going From the Quad, turn left (north) on the sidewalk next to Psychology on North LBJ Drive. At the corner of North LBJ Drive and Pleasant Street proceed north across the street to the Music Building.The statue of LBJ was seen in the Texas State University building with the abbreviation: MUSTry following your ears; this building has been “Instument”al in the development of local musicians.HONORS COLLEGEA group is getting together to find the statue where the gallery of the common experience occurs each semester head over to join the fun and get your next clue.Head over for coffee and your next clue to one of the only buildings in the area with a student kitchen and lounge. The statue of LBJ was seen in the Texas State University Building with the Abbreviation: LAMPA friend has asked to meet you to discuss a reward for finding the statue at the Honors coffee forum. ALKEK:The statue was recently reported being seen displayed at the Witliff collections. See if you can find your next clue there.A fellow student said the statue was last seen in the SLAC center where free tutoring is offered. The Texas Star recently posted information on the LBJ statue almost being captured in a building that contains nearly 2 million books. Head over and see if you can find your next clue.The statue of LBJ was seen in the Texas State University Building with the Abbreviation: ALKDERRICK:There was an emergency Email alert just issued to be on the lookout for the statue where Sociology, Math, Computer Science and the Airforce reserve officer training occurs on campusThe team over at the state of the art Linux, Solaris and digital forensics computer labs are getting together to go hunt for the statue. Get over there and see if you can find your next clue.The statue of LBJ was seen in the Texas State University Building with the Abbreviation: DERROLD MAIN:Your next clue awaits you at the Castle like landmark here on the Texas State University campusImmediately get over to the university’s very first building to get your next clue.The statue was recently seen perched up on the balcony where general assemblies, plays and presentations were once heldTry going to the building with ornate carved ceilings and hand crafted metal ductworkThe statue of LBJ was seen in the Texas State University Building with the Abbreviation: OMEVANS LIBERAL ARTSAdditional clues can be found where in 2008 a Presidential campaign speech by Senator Ted Kennedy took place. You have a hunch you may be able to find additional clues in the Evans Auditorium get over there to get your next clue.A professor has asked to meet with you to get your next clue where foundation for knowledge in humanities and social sciences are taughtThe statue of LBJ was seen in the Texas State University Building with the Abbreviation: ELA



LBJ Student Center:The building all new student orientations are hosted in each semester would be a great place to get your next clueGeorge’s is a great on campus hangout see if you can find your next clue there?From the quad, try traveling the series of ramps along the east side and south side of Alkek Library that rise to a mall area between the Library and the Teaching Theater and find the building on your right to get your next clue.The statue was just seen in the Texas State University Building with the Abbreviation: LBJUndergrad Academic Center:Your best friend just texted you saying they saw the LBJ statue being carried into a building that is part of the 2012 – 2017 Master Plan campus update. The building that hosts the majority of the Common Experience events would be a great place to check for additional clues on where the LBJ statue is.Have you tried looking for additional clues in the building that houses the Office of the Dean? The statue of LBJ was seen in the Texas State University Building with the Abbreviation: UAC